fix: prevent importModule from crashing (#209)
callstack/repack: .changeset/strange-shirts-guess.md

---
"@callstack/repack": patch
---

### Fix `importModule` crashing the app

> Prevent `importModul`e from crashing with _cannot read property __isInitialized of undefined_.

Author: ```suggestion
Prevent `importModule` from crashing with _cannot read property __isInitialized of undefined_.
```
